c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\bin\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.exe.config
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\bin\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.exe
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\bin\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.pdb
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.g.resources
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.exe
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\GuarderiaCADI.pdb
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\wquintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\vntLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\vntLogin.baml
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\vntGuarderia.g.cs
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\vntGuarderia.baml
C:\Users\WQuintino\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\WQuintino\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntPrincipal.baml
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntMostradorImagenesXTiempo.g.cs
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntMostradorImagenesXTiempo.baml
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntGrupos.g.cs
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntGrupos.baml
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntGrupoE.g.cs
C:\Users\WQuintino\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GuarderiaCADI\GuarderiaCADI\obj\Debug\cntGrupoE.baml
